This application makes use of BSArch, a component of TES5Edit, included in 
executable form. TES5Edit is licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0. No
modifications were made to BSArch/TES5Edit.

The source code for BSArch is available here:
https://github.com/TES5Edit/TES5Edit/tree/dev/Tools/BSArchive
The full text of the MPL 2.0 license is available here:
https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/

This application also makes use of BCnEncoder.NET, included in source form.
Modifications were made to retarget dependencies.
BCnEncoder.NET is licensed under the MIT license.

The source code for BCnEncoder.NET is available here:
https://github.com/nominom/bcnencoder.net
The full text of the MIT license is available here:
https://mit-license.org/

This application makes use of a modified BGSM.cs from Material Editor.
Material Editor is licensed under MIT license. Modifications were primarily for
integration purposes.

The source code for Material Editor is available here:
https://github.com/ousnius/Material-Editor/
The full text of the MIT license can be found here:
https://mit-license.org/

Application icon is 'desktop preferences' by user 'sixsixfive' via
openclipart.org, licensed under Creative Commons Zero Public Domain License.
The full text of the Creative Commons Zero PDL is available here:
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Our portion of the software is licensed under the MIT license, full text as 
follows:
=====
Copyright (c) 2023 mod.kitchen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
=====

Additionally, this software generates output based on user-provided
information. mod.kitchen claims no liability, ownership, or copyright over
generated works whatsoever.